[Feature] Introduce `using_organizations` and `using_brands` variables to enable/disable organization and brand source tables. (#59)
fivetran/dbt_zendesk_source: CHANGELOG.md

# dbt_zendesk_source v0.14.2
[PR #59](https://github.com/fivetran/dbt_zendesk_source/pull/59) includes the following updates:

## New Features

> - Introduced new config variables to allow customers to enable or disable staging and tmp `brand` and `organization` models which bring in brand and organization data:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Introduced new config variables for whether `brand` or `organization` tables are present, allowing customers to either enable or disable the respective staging and tmp  models:
```

Author: Updated!
